===============
Anaconda Cloud
===============

What is Anaconda Cloud?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Anaconda Cloud is a package management service that makes it easy to
find, access, store and share public and private notebooks,
environments, and conda and PyPI packages, and to keep up with updates
made to the packages and environments you're using. Anaconda Cloud is 
Continuum Analytics' Anaconda repository made available to the public. 
Anaconda repository is also available for purchase by companies that 
wish to power their own internal private Anaconda Cloud. More info at 
`Anaconda subscriptions <https://www.continuum.io/anaconda-subscriptions>`__.

You can build new packages using the Anaconda Client command line interface
(CLI), then manually or automatically upload the packages to Anaconda
Cloud to quickly share with others or access yourself from anywhere.

To take advantage of Anaconda Cloud, you'll first want to:

-  `Download Anaconda <https://www.continuum.io/downloads>`__.

-  Get familiar with using conda. A good place to start is the `conda
   cheat sheet <http://conda.pydata.org/docs/using/cheatsheet.html>`__
   and the `conda test
   drive <http://conda.pydata.org/docs/test-drive.html>`__.

For developers, Anaconda Cloud is designed to make software development,
release, and maintenance easy by providing broad package management
support. Anaconda Cloud allows for both free **public** and paid
**private** package repositories, as well as package channels, providing
a flexible and scalable service for groups and organizations of all
sizes. Anaconda Cloud is a `Continuum Analytics <http://continuum.io>`__
product.

Hosting of freely available packages will always remain free for
individuals and organizations hosting up to 3GB of packages. There is a
small fee for hosting of private packages or more than 3GB of packages.
For more information, please see our `plan
options <https://anaconda.org/about/pricing>`__.


.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    quickstart
    get-involved
    managing-account
    using
    build
    reference
    cli
